[Music]
Garfield Tom and Jerry Looney Toons
I'm sure you've watched a couple of
episodes of these when you were young
these shows never fail to entertain us
as kids they gave us the idea that
animals have their own world and
actually communicate with each other -
for the interesting right but have you
ever thought about what would happen if
these animals could be leaders in our
society impossible definitely not
elections are one of the most awaited
events in a country
once again it's time to choose a leader
picking the most intelligent and
responsible representative is definitely
a must most of us have our very own
expectations but I'm betting that seeing
a cat or a dog on your ballot isn't one
of them non-human electoral candidates
this is the term coined for animals who
run for a specific office there are
surprisingly a lot of amazing cases all
over the world
in case you're wondering why and how
this happened
the answer would be either a kind of
protest or purely for entertainment
purposes a couple of electoral
regulations might end the partido some
examples would be the age requirement or
more importantly the responsibilities
that only a human can do now what would
happen if a dog or cat has been elected
as mayor looking at the real-life
examples may give us clarity here a
small town in Alaska called Talkeetna
elected Stubbs a cat as their mayor in
1997 a story as famous as this has a few
different explanations for why a feline
has been elected as a mayor but the most
famous one is that it was due to the
people's dissatisfaction with the other
candidates who to our surprise were
humans since there were no real
elections Stubbs being the mayor was
mostly for marketing purposes a lot of
stores were able to sell souvenirs with
the cat's face on it with this being
said a couple of citizens were given
jobs and others were able to build small
businesses also tourism in town rapidly
increased to about 30 to 40 people a day
all of these visitors come with only one
intention to meet the city's mayor
win-win situation right an improved
economy and less complaining from the
residents they seem to be pretty
satisfied with their furry mayor
considering the success story I just
mentioned you can't really blame other
cities or talents for attempting the
exact same stunt for 13 amazing years
Bosco Ramos served the town of señal in
California this black lab Rottweiler mix
was elected mayor during the 1981
election this time it was mainly for
entertainment purposes this famous
candidate even had a tag line during the
campaign which says dogs are people too
people in this town must really love
dogs since Bosco won in a landslide vote
against to human candidates this canine
mayor was doing very well the media
couldn't get enough of him and actually
turned him into quite the celebrity he
even made it on to the international
scene he was invited as an honorary
guest when a couple of students from
Berkeley arranged a protest against a
foreign newspaper who portrayed Bosco's
winning as a negative thing no worries
though this doggy made sure that even
with his fame he was still attending to
his duties like leading a Halloween
parade every year while wearing a formal
tuxedo during his term he would often
visit the citizens of his town by
strolling around while wearing his
signature red bandana but don't get the
idea that everything went smoothly the
whole time
well mostly but controversies are
something that can't be avoided
sometimes Bosco was seen with a couple
of other female dogs and even went
missing for a week his honor didn't even
know where he was good thing is he
eventually came back his life had many
ups and downs and in 1994 it came to an
end
however he'll forever be in his
constituents hearts they even built a
bust figure of their doggy mayor as a
tribute bearing the title the world's
first canine mayor
another story of an elected dog mayor is
Duke he also won a landslide vote from
nine out of 12 citizens in one of the
smallest towns in Minnesota even his
opponent admitted that he voted for the
dog instead of himself but since this is
just honorary and ceremonial he didn't
really perform any duties as a mayor
cats and dogs are probably the most
common animals that we have all over the
world but non-human electoral candidates
aren't just limited to these two species
in 1958 a rhinoceros named Kakaako from
the south paulo zoo was included in the
city council elections the government
officials didn't actually accept her
candidacy but according to the data that
was taken during that election she won
with 100,000 votes until this day voto
Kakaako or Kakaako vote is still a term
used in Brazil whenever there's a need
to protest for a vote also her candidacy
inspired the rhinoceros party in Canada
another famous case was a chimpanzee
named tiao who ran for mayor of Rio de
Janeiro in 1988 this unique candidate
had a slogan that said vote monkey get
monkey a lot of assumptions were made
about this candidacy but one stands out
the most which was about the citizens
being tired of having the same events at
every election sadly all the votes were
Marquez no but he reportedly won 400,000
votes putting him in third place have
you had enough of our amazing animal
candidates well here's a bonus round
since this is about non-human electoral
candidates
how about inanimate objects being
elected in Ireland during the 1997
presidential election a famous Irish
television puppet ran for office even
though Dustin the turkey was not
recognized as an official candidate
there were rumors that he came in fifth
and for our last star a fire hydrant
yeah you heard that right
the same thing firefighters connect to
in order to get their water supply ran
for candidacy from 2004 up to 2008 at
the
University of British Columbia has one
of the Board of Directors unexpectedly
six votes were cast for it
rumor has it all six votes were cast by
dogs since all of our mentioned
candidates will never be able to perform
the duties humans can they never had any
official responsibilities or had to pay
any taxes or hire any secretaries but
their cases are a good example of what
humans are capable of doing our world is
full of talented and brilliant minds
sometimes unique ideas can sprout from
anywhere it's a good thing that we have
the freedom and opportunity to believe
that anything is possible and take those
chances surely there will be rules and
regulations this doesn't mean that
breaking them is a must in order to have
a little fun they can always be bet a
classic example would be our non-human
candidates whether they were used for
fun or to send a message they were
fascinating the main fact that people
can go out of their way just to stand up
for what they believe in or simply have
a few extra smiles during a bad day is
the simple proof that life has a lot to
offer how about you would you vote for a
nonhuman candidate if you see one on
your ballot or as a pet owner would you
be interested in coining your pet as a
candidate let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
campaigning for Fido just yet we have
over 2,000 cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life